https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6250 (#5309)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_enable.adoc

    --from-literal=.dockerconfigjson="$DOCKER_CONFIG_JSON" \
    --type=kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson
----

> *Important:* If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster using the {ocp-short} documentation, update the global pull secret in the observability namespace similarly.  See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets[Updating the global pull secret] for more details.

Reviewer: seems an extra space
_by using_ (if not it can be seen as the cluster is using)
_similarly_ is confusing here, can we just make it clearer by saying:

ensure you also.... or something?

> *Important:* If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster using the {ocp-short} documentation, update the global pull secret in the observability namespace similarly.  See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets[Updating the global pull secret] for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Important:* If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster by using the {ocp-short} documentation, be sure to also update the global pull secret in the observability namespace. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets[Updating the global pull secret] for more details.
```

> *Important:* If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster by using the {ocp-short} documentation, update the global pull secret in the observability namespace similarly.  See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets[Updating the global pull secret] for more details.

Reviewer 2: there is an extra space before "See"

similarly is confusing here, can we just make it clearer by saying:

If you modify the global pull secret for your cluster by using the {ocp-short} documentation,  ensure you also update the global pull secret in the observability namespace.
